Support Jest APIs which change to async in Vitest (#100)
trivikr/vitest-codemod: .changeset/cyan-deers-allow.md

---
"@vitest-codemod/jest": minor
"vitest-codemod": patch
---

> Support Jest APIs which become async in Vitest

Author: ```suggestion
Support Jest APIs which change to async in Vitest
```
